---
layout: default
title:  "Arya and Lisa"
date:   2017-08-14
categories: jekyll update
---

### Arya and Lisa

A lot has happened since last time I wrote, so this will be a long one.

First off I recently joined AFX Milk (Aspirations, Family, eXperience). And so far it has probably been one of the best decisions I've made this summer. I've always wanted to learn how to dance and Kirk, Mark, and Wilfred are all amazing directors. I've learned so much and have improved so much. I'm even choreographing a little bit with Bryan. 

Meeting new people has also been so cool. Most of my friends sophomore year were CS majors, and honestly just hanging out with people outside my major changed my outlook on life. For some crazy reason, I used to think that being a good coder at a big company would be the only way I could be happy, and man was I wrong. There are so many more important things in life than just career and money, and this group helped me realize that.

So after paying my parents back for my motorcycle, I finally had a little money to spend on myself. Huge shoutout to Andy, Joe, Will, Jon, Jun, Bobo, Feng, Wilson, and Ernie for getting me Bailey, my first guitar, but I decided it was about time to upgrade my guitar. 

Although the decision to upgrade sounds very well thought out, that's not exactly how it happened. I was just extremely bored after work one day and decided to go to Guitar Center, but just to kill time and try not buy nice guitars. Long story short, the sales guy was really good at his job and I walked out with a $1000 dolalr guitar... Meet Arya!

I also finally got to see Ed Sheeran! Even though David and I sat at literally the furthest row back, it was the best concert I've ever been to. Finally being able to see my music role model live was such a surreal experience. He really was better live than in studio, and I already can't wait for his next album. Got to even pick up a little necklace as a memento.

Lisa was the girl I met at the Bart station. It was 11:30 PM at the Downtown Berkeley bart station, and there was over 15 minutes til my next train. Luckily, I had Bailey with me, so I decided to walk to the corner of the station and practice quietly to myself. Not a minute later, a girl walks down to the deserted station and sits next to me.

She hears me hum to myself while I practice and says "You should sing out! You have a nice voice." And so I do. About 10 minutes later some other guys come around and compliment me on my singing. Turns out the girl is also headed my direction, and she's very interested in my music, so we sit together and she requests songs for me to play and sing. We end up singing together over the roaring sounds of the Bart tunnel all the way to Glen Park.

Before she gets off she introduces herself to me and tells me to keep singing. Funny thing was over the summer, I had so many music goals, but I achieved so few of them. I felt music drifting further and further away from me. But Lisa reminded me why I loved singing so much: it's something I can share with everyone. Seeing how happy I made even one person with my music refueled my drive to keep singing. Even though I'll never see that Bio 150 GSI again, thank you Lisa.

