---
layout: default
title:  "Human"
date:   2017-10-07
categories: jekyll update
---

### Human

"I always feel that I'm not living right." - Jon Bellion.

This first lyric to Jon Bellion's "Human" is my life right now. I think I've finally realized that I can't be good at everything. I guess this is good since the first step is realization, but what now?

After lots of thought, I've come to the conclusion that the answer lies in what I enjoy. Today was the first time this semester that I finally had time to set up my amp and microphone so that I could sing and play for an hour. It was the happiest I've been in a while. I don't know why, but nothing beats the feeling of closing my eyes and singing to my guitar. It's my escape.

I've always wanted to do everything, which I think is fine. There's nothing wrong in trying to do as many activities I can; however, the probem lies in me wanting to be good at everything. I don't know how or why, but I am hyper-competitive. Not in the way that I can't take a loss or failure, but in the way that I always want to improve. 

I join new activities and improve as much as I can until I reach a certain skill level, and that's when I stop. This has been a problem for me in college since I haven't been able to really settle into a community. I've been through Cal Club Golf, Artists in Resonance, and Upsilon Pi Epsilon. How many more things do I have to do before I settle?

The takeaway from this is to define why I'm devoting my time towards something. Music is my escape; that's why I stick with it. I'm not too worried about improving in that field, and it's due to my reason not being "I want to improve". Don't focus so much on improvement as much as the reason. After all, solely doing something because I want to get better at it does sound a bit shallow. Let's find some better ReasOns, Yeah?